# Here is a brief summary of the Business Analyst Capstone Project-
GoYaFace, Inc. (GYF) was incorporated in 2000 and today is a large digital search engine, email/messaging, and internet content company. GYF focuses on three core business units: GYF Search, GYF Mail & Chat, and GYF Digital Media. GYF Search is an internet search platform similar to those offered by Google and Microsoft (Bing). GYF Mail & Chat offers email and chat services similar to Gmail and Gchat. GYF Digital Media includes several subject-matter specific content destinations, including GYF News, GYF Sports, GYF Business, GYF Style, and GYF Technology. These sites provide original content and interactive features like fantasy football; for example, GYF Sports is comparable to Yahoo Sports. GYF has users all over the world and its three core business are offered free of charge to end users. 
A major portion of GYF’s revenue comes from selling advertising to other companies who place ads on GYF’s digital services. Originally, this ad-selling business focused on the use of GYF’s digital services and properties at traditional desktops, but recently it has significantly transitioned to mobile advertising as smartphones and other handheld wireless devices have proliferated. Last year, mobile advertising sales accounted for 70% of GYF’s total digital advertising revenue. 

From Casual Research we know that the Problem with Adblockers is that it does not maximize the potential revenue for GYF fantasy football. How many more customers will use our website when we find a strategy around adblockers? 
“Ad blocking was estimated to cost advertisers $22 billion last year.” This shows a direct link to adblocking decreasing revenue. Adblocking is also growing so, this problem won’t get better. “Ad blocking software use grew 41 percent in the 12 months to August 2015 and there are now 198 million active adblock users around the world”

The solution to this is to find innovative online advertising techniques that provide users with a satisfying online experience.
This means training new technological skills to internal GYF staff members, keeping advertisers informed about emerging trends, anticipating the effects of ad-blockers, updating marketing strategies to better incorporate end-user feedback, and estimating the financial impact.
